Privacy Policy
 

Introduction
 

Thank you for using "Moon Adventure Slots" and we fully value your privacy. We would like to hereby explain how we collect, use, store and share the information, and how you may access, update, control and protect your personal information when using "Moon Adventure Slots" services (including the website and mobile application of "Moon Adventure Slots").

 

You may find the specific provisions of our Privacy Policy in the corresponding sections:

 

1. Introduction of Personal information

 

2. Personal information we collect

 

3. How we use the personal information we collect

 

4. How we use cookies and relevant technologies

 

5. How we store personal information

 

6. The personal information you share, transfer and disclose

 

7. Your rights to personal information

 

8. About the information you share

 

9. About sensitive personal information

 

10. How we protect minors

 

11. Application Scope

 

12. Changes to Privacy Policy

 

We Moon Adventure Slots respect and protect your privacy. When you use our services, we may collect, use, store and share your information in accordance with the "Moon Adventure Slots" privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”). Through this Privacy Policy, you would understand how you may access, update, manage and protect your information via our services. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the "Moon Adventure Slots" service, we recommend that you carefully read and comprehend the full content, and make the choice as you deem appropriate. We strive to draft this Privacy Policy in easy and concise wording, and highlight in bold the terms that are significant to your rights and interest, and sensitive personal information. We also provide links to further clarifications on the technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy for better comprehension. If you or your guardian disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you should immediately cease using it. By using the services of "Moon Adventure Slots", you/your guardian would deem to consent to Moon Adventure Slots’s collecting, using, preserving and sharing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 

1. Introduction of Personal information
 

1.1 "Personal information" refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can be used to independently identify or be combined with other information to identify natural persons. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the information includes name, nickname, mobile phone number, e-mail address, user password, identity information, photo, facial recognition features, gender, age, occupation, log information, equipment information, location information, IP address, audio and video recordings, payment information, mobile phone recharge, consumption record and integral mall credit exchange record.

 

1.2 "Personal sensitive information" means the personal information that may endanger personal and property safety once disclosed, illegally provided or misused. It would possibly cause damage to or discriminatory treatment to personal reputation or physical and mental health. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term includes mobile phone number, email address, user password, ID card or other identification, facial recognition features, occupational information, audio and video recordings, and payment information.

 

1.3 "Information after anonymization" is information whose subject could not be identified and could not be restored after technical processing. The information after anonymization shall not be classified as personal information.

 

1.4 Other information that cannot identify or reflect the activities of specific natural persons shall not be classified as personal information.

 

2. Personal information we collect
 

When providing services, "Moon Adventure Slots" will collect your information as mentioned hereafter based on legality, rightfulness and necessity. If you do not provide the information, you may not be able to register as a user of Moon Adventure Slots, or enjoy some of the services provided. Even if Moon Adventure Slots may continue to provide some of the services, it may not reach the intended effect.

 

2.1 You would be required to provide the following information that we collect:

 

2.1.1 Before using the "Moon Adventure Slots" service, you shall create an account and complete your profile. You shall provide the mobile number or email address and set up a user password. You may sign in "Moon Adventure Slots" with Facebook or a Google account. If so, we shall collect your Facebook or Google Open ID (including unique identification, avatar, and nickname). We shall identify you on the "Moon Adventure Slots" platfo
